Hey there, thanks for listening.
Before we jump into this episode, I just want to remind you that this episode is brought
to you by us over at TalkBython Training, and Brian through his pytest book.
So if you want to get hands on and learn something with Python, be sure to consider our courses
over at TalkBython Training.
Visit them via pythonbytes.fm/courses.
And if you're looking to do testing and get better with pytest, check out Brian's book
at pythonbytes.fm/pytest.
Enjoy the episode.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 254, recorded on October 13th, 2021.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
I'm Mohamed Raza.
Yeah, hey, Mohamed, welcome.
It's great to have you here.
Good to have you on the show.
Hi, Michael and Brian.
I'm really excited to be on the show.
It's been one of my goals.
Like, I started listening to podcasts when I was in college, back as an undergrad.
Wow.
And your podcast, that was one of the reasons I developed a love for Python.
- That's super amazing.
Tell people a bit about yourself before we jump into the--
- I currently work at AWS, Amazon Web Services
as a professional service consultant.
So my job is to help our customers in their cloud journey.
So we basically do help them with our,
we help them with different cloud services,
such as if they want to do cloud migration,
or if they want to put some service on AWS cloud.
So that's where professional services comes in
to implement and help them with their cloud journey.
you must see a lot of different implementations
and configurations and teams and types of software.
You get exposed to a lot of things quickly like this, right?
- Yep, so it's pretty fun job.
Like you work with different, wide different customers,
like every customer has a different problem.
So like you get to touch upon like different problems
so as a consultant, so it's a really amazing job.
- Yeah, that's awesome.
That's one of the things I think,
for people who are early in their career
to help them go fast and level up
is get a lot of exposure to a lot of different things.
Yep. And I totally agree with you.
Awesome. Well, I think
maybe Brian should kick us off with the first item. What do you think, Brian?
So Python 3.10, we talked about this last week.
Python 3.10 is out. It came out October 4th, it looks like.
And I've been using it, and a lot of people have been using it.
But one of the things we do
is we update our... with a project.
If you support a package, you want to make sure to go and change your
your CI testing to make sure that you're using Python 3.10
instead of Python 3.10 dev.
That's what I was testing before.
But there's an issue.
Anthony Shaw brought it up on Twitter,
a bunch of other people did too,
but I'm grabbing his tweet.
It says basically, you can use 3.10 on GitHub Actions now,
but you need to make sure that you quote the 3.10.
So you don't test on 3.1?
Yeah, exactly.
That's insane. The zero at the end matters.
So I just grabbed one of my projects, I went and changed mine,
and I just went ahead and put quotes on all of the versions.
You don't have to do 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, those are fine by themselves.
But 3.10, if you go from, if I had -dev,
YAML convert like thinks of it as a string, but as soon as I go to 310, it's 3.1. So yeah, you want to make sure to quote those. That's really it. And that's really what I wanted to cover is to make sure that people change their CI system to be testing with 310. But do it with quotes if you're using YAML.
Doesn't YAML understand significant digits? Come on.
(laughing)
- It's an interesting find though,
like, yeah, I'm reading a 3.1,
but it should read as 3.10.
- Yeah, I mean, I could see how you get there.
- Yeah.
- But at the same time,
if you're talking versions and not just floating points,
obviously the dots are not, you know,
not decimal separators,
they're separating full whole numbers, right?
Which obviously then the zero matters.
Interesting.
That's a good find and good advice.
I have a quick real-time follow up for you, Brian.
Remember I had complained
about not being able to deploy to 3.10 in production.
- Yeah.
- Well, guess what?
This is all 3.10, woo-hoo!
- Oh, sweet.
- Yeah, I managed to get it working,
and MicroWizKey got updated so that it will now work
on 3.10 install, building a wheel locally on Linux.
And there was another dependency I couldn't make work,
but then I realized, oh my gosh,
I'm not even using this anymore.
So I just took it out, and then it works.
So I put it on Talk Python, the podcast page for now,
and if it doesn't freak out or cause problems,
and I'll roll out across like talk about training
and Python bytes and stuff.
So this is the Guinea pig or the canary out there
just hanging around, but so far it's perfect.
- Nice.
- Yeah, a couple of live stream thoughts here, Sam Morley.
Hey, Sam says, "Oh my, that is interesting about 3.10."
And Henry Schreiner, hey Henry,
Henry and I are gonna be talking on talk Python
really soon, by the way.
Many YAML projects choose to accept floats
and then just convert them to strings,
not specific to YAML.
you could disallow floats here if you wrote that,
if you wrote the action.
Okay, interesting.
I didn't realize you could do that.
Very cool.
- I didn't know that either.
- Ah, okay.
Did you know that Python's popular?
- Yeah. - Yes.
- And it has found its way to be a little bit more popular
than it has been recently.
So, you know, it continues to grow.
Brian Skin sent this over.
Thank you, Brian.
And the headline here is pretty neat.
Beating C in Java, Python becomes the most,
the number one most popular programming language.
Boom, says Tiobi.
So the Tiobi index is interesting.
To me, it feels like a little bit more
of a lagging indicator.
And it's also a bit more of a enterprise focused indicator.
So that's why Java and C have been popular for so long,
but apparently Python has sort of made its way
into that world as well.
And they're quoting this article over here on ZDNet
and this, the thing I'm linking to.
And it says, "For the first time in more than 20 years, we have a new leader of the pack.
The longstanding hegemony of Java and C is over."
– It's pretty good, right? – It is.
And I think it's one of the reasons that, like you said,
the business community is using it a lot more and large companies.
That might also be why we're seeing the numbers in surveys of Windows users using Python
staying really high.
I think maybe it's because of that.
I think one of the big reasons is like the entry
to the language, the barrier entry is like pretty easy.
Like anybody could learn the language
and get into the language and the ecosystem
and the libraries around the language.
It just makes stuff so much easier to do.
So that's one of the reasons it's at the top.
I was also reading on Stack Overflow.
Somebody shared on Reddit that Python has now most number
of asked questions compared to Java now.
- How interesting on probably on Stack Overflow.
- Yeah.
- Nice.
- It was somebody shared on Reddit as a discussion.
- Interesting.
So if we look here, oh, I want the most popular languages.
Yeah, this is real time.
Look at that.
Oh yeah, it's not even close.
It's not even close.
It is.
I remember seeing that when this was back here,
back in this area, 2017, and they predicted this
and they predicted something like a little bit
even less than reality.
And people were like, no way, there's no way
it's gonna just do that.
And it's even more real, wow, than that.
So very, very cool.
So yeah, super neat.
I'm thinking this is just another sign that,
you know, focusing on Python is good.
Mohamed, I think you've touched on a lot of reasons why,
you know, people get attracted to it because it's easy
and it's simple and it's clean
and they just wanna do a small thing.
But then your small thing, as everyone knows,
just gets slightly more complicated and more complicated.
And a lot of times,
the thing you start with as something simple,
it can't do, it can't grow to become the thing
it eventually needs to become.
But Python allows you to build way more complex software.
So you don't get ejected into like,
well, I have to leave because,
you know, I want to use threads and I'm using VB6
and it doesn't have threads.
So I guess I'll go learn C or like,
there's not that kind of story that happens around Python
nearly as often.
So people just stick in it,
like accumulates like a snowball going downhill.
- Yeah, so Sam morally brought up that he thinks
that some of this might be around
the data science community coming into Python.
- Oh, I totally agree with that.
Yeah, yep.
A very good, very good.
- Okay, so yeah, Mohamed, I guess we got your item up next.
It's the first one, right?
- Yeah, so the item that I chose was newspaper3k.
Its name is newspaper, but the original name is 3k
'cause it supports Python 3 now.
It's an amazing library.
I use it at work.
I was helping auditors to generate news reports.
So what they were doing was like going onto internet,
finding news reports manually.
So I was just using,
my job was to like write a Flask web application
and using this library and Google RSS feeds
to find the news articles and then pass those links
through this library to like generate useful information
such as the description, the title,
the length of the article and stuff like that.
So like it helped me a lot and then it'll help us,
like it helped me a lot in terms of automating the process
which people were doing manually where I was working.
So it's an amazing.
- Fantastic.
Yes, so Newspaper 3K, it's like web scraping.
- Yeah, it's like web-spacing.
- Yeah, but it has higher level semantics built into it.
Like you can ask the title, when was it published?
Not the some sort of e-tag weird thing on the server,
but like, when did the article declare
that it was written sort of thing, right?
And who's the author?
All sorts of cool stuff in there.
- And the best thing is like,
it also does the summary of the article.
Like it's not to like 100%, right?
But it's just like extractive summary of the article,
which is pretty useful.
Like if you like doing newspaper creation articles
and stuff like that for like auditors,
I was doing this way.
They found it really useful.
- Yeah.
- I'm totally gonna use this.
- I'm one of those RSS readers.
So yeah.
- Yeah.
Yeah, super cool.
So the API is basically you give it a URL
and you say download and then parse
and then you have article.authors,
article.publishedDate, article.text, topImage,
movies if it contains any embedded video.
You can even do keyword analysis on it.
- Keywords and summary, yeah, nice.
- But you can do all sorts of things
that might be useful to you.
- So I can see that this is a cool input
into other things, right?
Like not just straight consuming the information,
but if you're trying to understand trends and stuff, right?
You could go around and just hit all the main websites
and go and say, okay, show us the keywords
and show us anything that's new or that is new
and also appearing more frequently.
If I remember correctly with this,
there's also things you can do where you can follow,
you can point it at a homepage
and it'll give you like categories
and all the articles in the categories.
Like you could point it at cnn.com or something like that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can do all sorts of things with this.
It just makes so much stuff easier
compared to using BeautifulSoup.
Like in BeautifulSoup, you like have to do
and go scrape, rub yourself,
but like this makes so much stuff easier.
- Yeah. - It's just an amazing library.
- Cool. - Awesome.
A good one for sure.
All right, Brian, you're up next, I think.
All right. Well, I'm going to cover something I'm super excited about,
but it's a little niche.
Anyway, so, editable install.
So when you're working with a package, a Python package, and developing it,
one of the things that I do a lot is I have it open in my editor,
but I also have a window open where I'm running pytest and stuff.
So I want the package to be installed,
and it really helps if it's editable so that when I make changes in the code,
it instantly appears in my test window or whatever.
And so pip supports this.
You say pip install -e and then give it a path to your local project.
And apparently, you can do Git repos like this too.
I don't know how that will work.
Okay, that's interesting because you can do Git for pip.
And so I guess instead of saying install it as a package installed as edible,
but does it like clone it locally? What happens there?
Well, it does. I mean, installing from Git does clone it first,
but I don't know what the point would be because you're still,
you're not editing it on Git.
Anyway, I use it for local directory.
It's a cool feature, but it didn't.
And I also like Flit, but Flit uses PyProject.toml and pip installable-e,
install that she didn't work with with private project until last this week last week really recently
So a workaround for flit was you would have to install a PTH file
or with a - and you have to do you have to install flit first then you don't and
This is a if somebody's if somebody's helping you, but they're not
They're not used to flit. This is a weird thing to tell them about
You can do PTH file or sim link,
but then there came along somebody that said,
"Hey, a PEP 660 said,
hey, we should do editable installs for
project by project automal projects also."
It requires that the back-end supports this also,
so there's changes needed to both pip and FLIT.
However, now we have it.
Just recently, let's jump back,
PIP 21.3 came out,
when was it? October 11th.
- Yeah, very recently. - And Flit 3.4 came out October 10th.
And with these two things in place,
you can now, you have to regenerate your project file
or change it to use 3.4 for Flit.
But editable installs work.
And so I was playing with it. I'm like, this is so cool.
I love doing this. But I was like, how do I get my
dependencies in there? So one of the things that
Flit allows and PyProject.toml allows
is optional dependencies.
So the normal dependencies, your project dependencies,
automatically get installed when you do a install dashi.
But the optional ones don't.
So you have to give it a bracket,
you know, you have to say like,
install the my thing with the optional like test or doc or something.
Well, the way you do that with the local directories,
you have to just make sure you put it in quotes.
So...
Quote dot bracket test close bracket close quote.
Okay, so the obvious not totally obvious, but not bad either.
So anyway, I'm excited about this a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's really cool.
Good find.
Uh, let's see, out there follow up for you.
Muhammad real quick.
Sam says I still have nightmares of BS four and feed parser.
Yeah.
Man, it's really hard to work with BS for BS four is great for what is for, but it's
like assembly language is great.
It doesn't mean I should write in it all the time.
Right?
I agree.
And plus, I don't think BS4 does like scraping of dynamic pages.
For that, you like have to use I forgot the package and Selenium for that.
Yeah, yeah, you do.
Okay, so the next one I want to talk about here is pretty cool.
And it's an unusual project because if you're going to go work on some Python data science,
you usually want to go do that in notebooks.
But you might just want to think about it as kind of like an Excel spreadsheet.
you might wanna walk up to it and go,
okay, well, let me just see a grid of this.
I'll filter it this way.
I'm gonna hide that column.
I'm gonna like remove,
you know, only show data with some property
and then look at it.
That would be nice if you could visually do that, right?
So what we've got here,
this one comes to us from,
let me make sure to give attribution from Tomas Rolo.
Thank you for sending that in.
So it's this thing called Mido.
And Mido is a spreadsheet
that helps you complete your Python analysis.
What you do is you create the Mido sheet,
which is like an embedded Excel thing,
like thing or Google Sheets thing into your notebook,
you play around with that.
And then the cell below, it writes the code.
So let me see if I can show you an example here.
So there's this spreadsheet up at the top.
And as you interact with it,
you can see there's this cell down here that says,
import pandas as PD,
Netflix titles equals PD.read CSV.
And it gives it a file because you click the button
and said, open CSV for your data source in that spreadsheet.
And then they said, I want to, what did they say?
They remove some of the columns like rating and type and so on,
and then create a pivot table off of that.
And it just writes all the Python code for you below.
Yeah, I think--
Right in the notebook.
I kind of really like this library.
It's going to make a lot of stuff easy for people who are just doing data analysis.
Because what they do most of the time is they're browsing Stack Overflow
to find the right answer to solve their problem.
So this is going to save them a lot of time.
I totally agree.
And if you go and play with it, you'll see a section that says,
"Mido code start, do not edit.
Mido code end, do not edit."
A totally reasonable use case for this,
which might not be what Mido themselves recommend
because they want to promote their tool
and sort of be part of the story.
But a reasonable thing to do would be to embed this,
play around with it till you get just the right thing,
and then strip out the Mido bits
and just leave the fragments that it wrote in there.
- Yeah, that would be amazing though.
- Yeah, yeah, I mean, you don't have to tell anybody,
he's just read you to do it.
- Yeah, yeah, no, that would be amazing.
- Yeah, and it even does really cool comments on the section
so it puts it all into one cell, right?
Instead of a whole bunch of cells,
which I think is reasonable.
But it does, like the comments that it writes are,
imported Netflix title CSV,
pivoted Netflix title CSV into data frame two,
flattened the column headers,
reset the column name and indexes.
Like those are meaningful comments, right?
This is pretty nice, actually, what it generates.
It's not horrible code that you would run away from.
- That's cool.
- Isn't that neat?
- So people who are really familiar with spreadsheets
can kind of ease into data analysis.
- Yes, exactly.
- And they can do really easy tasks,
like if they want to filter out data,
instead of going out on the internet
and finding out how to use Pandas to filter out data,
they can directly use Mito for that.
So it's going to save them a lot of time on that.
- I agree.
I could see myself using this, no doubt.
I think pandas is great, but I don't know it super well.
And if I know, like, I kind of want to do this thing, but I don't really know how
like select, select to do that.
Yeah.
That's, that's the thing about pandas.
Like pandas is amazing, but there's like so much stuff in pandas that
you don't know top of your head.
So you have to be like searching the documentation, like
Google stack overflow for that.
And I can see this library being really useful though.
Like for that specific reason, like you want to do quick analysis,
you use Mito for that and boom, you have the code.
write down generate it.
Yeah, super cool.
The other thing worth pointing out is you don't have to start your notebook this way.
You can actually hand it an existing data frame.
So you could do your work down until you get
some data frame generated from who knows where
and then hand that off to Mido and then have it write the
you know, the next fragment of code that you're going to write.
So I think this is neat.
I could totally see myself using it.
There's a cool tutorial you can go through
but I recommend you watch the data slicing with Mido 2
video that's right at the top of that.
It's like, I don't know, a couple of minutes.
How long is it?
It's six and a half minutes.
It'll give you a really good sense
of what's happening there.
The other thing worth pointing out
is when you see plans at the top,
that means it costs money.
But there's a individual one
that's just totally free forever.
Works with JupyterLab two and three.
But if you want like team support,
there's a paid thing.
And given that they're creating this
and giving out to the world,
it seems fair enough.
It's something you can plug in.
You don't depend massively upon it.
Like I said, you could even like use it
to generate your code
and then take it back out if you want.
- Yeah. - So pretty cool.
Props to Mido at the team, that's pretty nice.
Brian, real-time follow-up here
from Henry out in the audience.
Editable and star installs aren't niche,
but since we got editable installs
for set up CFG-only projects in pip 21.1,
it's now just supported for arbitrary build backends
in pip 21.3.
- Yeah. - Awesome, thanks for the extra info.
Also, ZDocs says edible installs.
(laughing)
- We probably said editable.
Edible, when we say editable.
- Editable.
(laughing)
- Indeed, indeed.
All right, let's see.
So, Mohamed, you got yours.
You're next, right?
- Yep.
So I have this library called Troposwaker.
It's an amazing library and helps you generate
CloudFormation templates, writing Python.
So I do this on my job a lot.
Like I work with DevOps people writing CloudFormation templates.
And sometimes it's hard to write CloudFormation templates
because of the formatting part in YAML.
YAML can get messy, like you might mess up the format
and then your file won't even run and then you
be like hunting down where did I
add an extra space. So this library solves a specific
problem like helping you write
templates using Python language. So like this is an amazing library.
If you like writing a lot of CloudFormation template, I would definitely recommend using this.
I see, so normally use an AWS cloud formation JSON.
Yeah, most people use JSON and some people like, so it's like, it's up to you, like, it's, you can either write in JSON or write in like, yaml.
But let's say you're writing in JSON and like, say you mess up the format, like, let's say you miss up a bracket or comma somewhere, then you might be like,
like, if you don't have the right linter, then you might be like, hunting down the file, looking for like, where did I miss the comma to fix this? So like,
When you like having large templates, it gets harder to like, I would say, debug them.
Yeah.
Another thing that's nice is JSON is static, right?
But Python code executes.
So you could like loop over stuff and say, I'm going to need 10 of these.
So let's call it this one, you know, one, two, three, you know, machine one, machine two, machine three or whatever, right?
Yeah, I was going to actually point that out.
But like, thank you for pointing that out.
Like I was going to say, like, you can actually like leverage the power of Python language, like,
like let's say you need 10 subnets instead of writing 10 subnets in JSON,
you could just iterate and then produce like 10 subnets.
Yeah, exactly. That's awesome.
Yeah, it just makes stuff so much easier. Yeah.
Yeah. You know, you hear all the time with cloud stuff, infrastructure as code or...
Yeah.
You know, that kind of stuff. And this just, it's like another layer, right?
Yeah. No, I agree. I agree.
Yeah. Very cool.
Brian, do you guys do anything with cloud stuff in your world?
No.
It's all hardware, all behind the scenes.
Well, I mean, we use them.
We've got a lot of servers and stuff,
and we've got a lot of services running, but they're all
internal, we don't use a lot of cloud services.
Some things are easing up a little bit
that we're using because
there's a lot of things that are just
so much easier when you go into the open cloud, but
there's security issues also.
Yeah, for sure.
All right, awesome. Well, another good one for people doing AWS stuff.
There's also the AWS cloud SDK or something like that.
Yeah, cloud SDK.
What's the relationship of these two things?
It's like pretty similar, but like, if you like,
it also has support for TypeScript, like it's,
it also has support for Python and TypeScript,
but like, it's more like a personal preference.
So like, I prefer this library
because it's pretty much supported in Python.
Like it, from the start, it was built for Python.
So that's why like, I like this library more than AWS cloud CDKs.
But they both do the same job basically.
The only missing part is like what cloud
whenever the cloud CDK generates a template for you,
it also allows you to deploy
directly using the CDKs.
But what Troposphere does,
it allows you to generate the template,
but it doesn't like allow you to like
deploy it directly on the cloud.
So like you basically have to
take the template and put it on to CloudFormation
to deploy the resources.
Yeah, that seems reasonable.
You know, we could store those
in version control and stuff like that.
Like here is what we did to change our cloud setup
and here it is in version control, right?
Yeah.
Nice.
Well, I think that brings us to our extras, Brian.
Is that right?
I guess so. Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
You got anything you want to share with folks?
Just that the PyCon 2022 site is there now.
You can't sign up yet, but there's
the 2022 site.
I've seen some Salt Lake City mountains there.
Yeah, I'm so excited to go to Salt Lake City.
I assume you're going, hopefully.
Hopefully, if I can.
Yeah, I definitely have plans too.
I can't wait to see everybody in person again.
Yeah, it's so interesting to think about
where we are with conferences and stuff.
So I was just at Pi Bay,
which is really cool.
And I'll go and pull up that on the screen here.
Like this, this is where the Pi Bay conference was held,
like literally in this, in this outdoor food cart area where there's a bunch of cabanas,
then each cabana had its own TV and its audio video feed. So you could be in groups of like
six or seven outside, but there were hundreds of people there, right, which is really cool.
And I think that that's kind of a template for, for going forward for a lot of things
happening these days. I've actually invited Grace, who was one of the people who helped
put this on, on the show. So maybe we'll have her tell us more about this later, but I don't know
I don't know how this works into an event as big as PyCon
or as big as any of those, right?
- Yeah.
- I mean, you gotta have a really big outdoor space.
Would you be awesome, maybe like a theme park?
Like I'm gonna watch this one from the roller coaster.
(laughing)
Yeah, awesome.
Yeah, so Jose out there says,
"Looking forward to attending my first PyCon."
Yeah, it's super fun.
And Teddy, hey Teddy says, "Whoop, whoop."
For the PyCon announcement.
Yeah, that's great.
- How about you, any extras?
- You know what?
any until I did. I actually wanted to just point out this tweet that I saw you put out here about
um oh I think I just saw the tweet in the morning yeah about Pi Env yeah as uh having a challenge
for Windows users and if you make that the core part of your tutorial then you're like starting
out putting Windows users who represent what 45 of the developers or something on the back foot
on your tutorial. So yeah, what do you think?
Well, it was just like a comment I saw a tutorial and I was like, why is this? I mean, that's not the default way to
install Python. So I put this out there and it kind of blew up a little bit.
So yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's got like 121 likes. So anyway, I think that that's an interesting thing to add. Mohamed. You got any extras as well before we
get to the next thing. So my extra is like how to learn Unix.
So I read this article a long time ago,
but it's an amazing article for especially people
who are getting to Linux world and learning command line.
So it talks about how you can use tools like using man pages
and help flags with the tool.
So it gives you info and insights
about how do you actually use the tool.
And exploring wikis and Stack Overflow questions.
I think it was an amazing article for beginners
who want to, we're just getting into command line
or Linux world.
- That's cool.
I find, I found the Linux command line,
macOS a little bit less
'cause there's often an alternative,
but certainly the Linux where the sole access to it
was through an SSH.
I found it intimidating when I first got into it.
- No, I actually got into Linux
right after my first semester of college.
I was just trying it out as fun.
And when I discovered command line,
I was like, wow, you can do so much in command line.
And that rest is history.
Like I've been using Linux for like,
I would say five years now.
- Right now I'm recently switched to macOS
because of my work
and I'm having hard time managing Windows now.
- I guess I had trouble switching to PCs
because I was in Solaris when I was in college.
- Oh, interesting.
I remember walking by the Solaris going,
oh, those are different.
(laughing)
Very interesting.
Yeah, cool.
But now this will be super helpful,
especially to a lot of folks out there
who don't work with a lot.
I mean, now I'm totally comfortable with Linux,
but I remember the learning experience.
So I'm sure this will help others as well.
Nice, all right.
Well, I believe it is time for a joke.
And speaking of real conferences,
this is something that we've done before at the PyCons.
We did this at PyCon in Portland
with the Portland Art Museum there.
It was really fun.
And it's the classic programmer paintings.
Remember these, Brian?
Yeah, so the idea is you take a legitimate, historical,
maybe 400-year-old piece of fine art,
and then you ignore the actual name
and you put your own sort of techie interpretation upon it.
So here, this one, we've got this balloon
taking off into like a dark, cloudy red sky
and two wolves just like sort of forlorn watching it go.
The ground is kind of on fire, but it's also snowy.
I don't really understand that.
But this is some proper painting
that who knows what it is, right?
But if you look at the title,
- Oh wow.
Alphabet Cancels Loon, right?
Loon was their project where they'd put balloons up
over places without much internet
and that would beam down internet.
So here's like the final Loon balloon
going off into the smoky sky.
It's in Zdzislaw Bezinski, 1979,
oil on Masonite, beautiful.
Alphabet Cancels Loon.
So we used to go around to the art museum there
and we would like, at the conference,
we would have like a dinner there or something.
and we just go around and like, try to one up each other on doing this to like real paintings.
It was fun. But this whole classic programmer paintings.com endless joy right there.
I'm definitely gonna check these guys out.
Yeah, you can spend a long time going through it's been around for a while. So it's good stuff.
I'm chuckling at some right now. I gotta stop looking at it.
Yeah, exactly. I'm strongly resisting the urge to just scroll through them.
We're doing a show. I'll do it later.
Thanks, Michael. Yeah, yeah, you bet, Brian. Thanks for being here as always. And Mohammed,
thank you for joining us. It's been great. And it was a pleasure to be here. Yeah, thank you.
You're welcome. Bye, everyone out there. Bye, everyone.
Thanks for listening to Python bites. Follow the show on Twitter via at Python bites.
That's Python bites as in b y t s. Get the full show notes over at Python by set FM.
If you have a news item we should cover just visit Python by set FM and click submit in the nav bar.
we're always on the lookout for sharing something cool. If you want to join us for the live recording,
just visit the website and click "Live Stream" to get notified of when our next episode goes live.
That's usually happening at noon Pacific on Wednesdays over at YouTube. On behalf of myself and Brian Aukin,
this is Michael Kennedy. Thank you for listening and sharing this podcast with your friends and colleagues.